During the campaigning period,
we faced a lot of obstacles.
There were places
where we had to travel on foot
and sometimes late at night
Some of these places
are not accessible by cars.
and the journeys were tough
It would take up, not hours,
but an entire day
to get to the destinations.
On top of that,
we had anxiety about the surrounding
we had to deal with being harassed
and teased during the journey.
It is unsafe
for a woman candidate to travel alone,
which is why women candidates
need more security services.
This also means that
women candidates would require
higher expenses than men candidates.
During the campaigning period,
Based on the budget limit,
women candidates are not allowed
to spend any more than men candidates.
women candidates are only allowed
to use limited given amount
For leadership roles and
participation, if
there were more women candidates
with equal opportunities,
I'm sure the difficulties
that women face
and our needs would definitely
be more recognised and understood
Definitely,
everything will be managed well.